Desserts :

Banoffe Pie Recipe:

Ingredients :

Vegetables:
100g dark brown soft sugar 

Wheat:
250g digestive biscuits (Crushed)
Spices:

Dairy:
100g butter (melted)
100g butter
397g Condensed Milk
300ml carton whipping cream lightly whipped

Fruit:
4 Small Bananas 
grated chocolate

Method:
1)Put the biscuit crumbs in your bowl, then tip in the melted butter and mix it all together.
2)Spoon this into the base and press against the bottom and sides – this is the base of the banoffee pie recipe. 
3)Chill it for ten minutes.
4)Melt the butter and sugar into a non-stick saucepan over a low heat, stirring all the time until the sugar has dissolved.
5)Add the condensed milk and bring to a rapid boil for about a minute, stirring all the time for a thick golden caramel.
6)Spread the caramel over the base, cool and then chill for about 1 hour, until firm or until ready to serve.
7)Carefully lift the pie from the tin and place on a serving plate.
8)Slice the bananas; fold half of them into the softly whipped cream and spoon over the base.
9)Decorate with the remaining bananas and finish with the grated chocolate.

Lemon Cheesecake Recipe:

Ingredients:



Dairy:
	
60g butter
300g medium fat cream cheese
150ml double cream 



Vegetables:

1 lemon 
75g caster sugar 



Wheat:
200g digestive biscuits

Method:
1)Crush biscuits 
2)Add the biscuits to the melted butter and stir until completely mixed
3)Flatten, and chill in the fridge for around 20 minutes
4)Squeeze lemon juice and grate zest 
5)Mix and whisk in the cheese, sugar and double cream
6)Pour in the lemon juice and zest 
7)Pour the cream cheese mixture on top of the biscuit base
8)Put the cake in the fridge to chill for a couple of hours 


Home Made Sorbet Recipe:

Ingredients:

Vegetables :
2 cups sugar

Dairy:


Fruit:
4 cups strawberry
2 tablespoons lemon juice 
2 tablespoons orange juice

Other:
2 cups water

Method:
1) Stir 2 cups water and sugar in heavy medium saucepan over high heat until sugar dissolves. Boil 5 minutes.
2) Working in batches, puree strawberries in food processor until smooth.
3) Add strawberry puree and orange and lemon juices to sugar syrup; stir to blend. 
4) Cover and refrigerate until cold, about 2 hours.
5) Process strawberry mixture in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions or place mixture in shallow container and freeze, stirring every hour until set, about 6 hours. (Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and freeze in airtight container. 
6) If sorbet is frozen solid, place in refrigerator for 15 minutes to soften.) 

Chocolate cake recipe :

Ingredients :

Chocolate Cake Recipe

Wheat:
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups white sugar	

Vegetables:
1/2 cup vegetable oil

Fruit:	
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa
	
Other:
2 teaspoons baking soda	
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoons vinegar

Dairy:
1 cup milk
2 eggs

Spice:	
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup cold brewed coffee



1)Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
2)Grease and flour a 9x13-inch pan.
3)In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt.
4)Make a well in the center and pour in the eggs, coffee, milk, oil and vinegar.
5)Mix until smooth; the batter will be thin. 
6)Pour the batter into the prepared pan.?
7)Bake in the preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
8)Allow to cool.






