
Vegetarian Cook Book:

Starter Recipe Pear and Blue Cheese Tarts :

Wheat:
500g pack puff pastry

Dairy
1 egg, beaten
15g butter
2 tbsp double cream

Vegetables:
1 small onion, sliced
150g Cambozola (or Bavarian blue for a stronger taste), cubed
1/2 tbsp fresh thyme leaves, plus extra sprigs to garnish
4 tbsp walnut oil
30g walnut pieces

Fruit:
2 pears, sliced
11/2 tbsp lemon juice
Mixture of bitter lettuce leaves, such as chicory or radicchio


Method :
1)Preheat the oven to 200°C/fan180°C/gas 6. Roll the pastry into a 30 x 20cm rectangle.
2)Cut in half lengthways, then make 2 cuts widthways, to give 6 equal squares. 
3)Brush each square with the egg and score a square inside the pastry, leaving a 1cm border. Bake for 10-12 minutes.
4)Using a spoon, lift out and discard the inner square of pastry, and scoop out any uncooked pastry.
5)Heat the butter in a frying pan over a medium heat. When melted, fry the onion until slightly browned.
6)Mix the onion, Cambozola, pear, cream, thyme and seasoning.
7)Fill each pastry square with a generous tablespoon of the filling and bake for a further 5 minutes.
8)Mix the walnut oil and lemon juice and toss with the salad and walnuts. 
9)Garnish each square with a thyme sprig and serve with the salad.

Starter Ingredients Cheese and rosemary honey pie:

Dairy:
60g unsalted butter, plus extra to grease
200g feta, crumbled
100g halloumi, grated
125g ball mozzarella (not buffalo), shredded
100g clear honey

Wheat:
250g kataifi/kadaif pastry 

Vegetables:
4 fresh rosemary sprigs, plus 2 to serve

Fruit:
Squeezed lemon juice

Spices:
Aleppo chilli flakes to garnish

Method:
1)Grease the cake tin well with butter, then set aside and heat the oven to 220°C/200°C fan/gas 7. 
2)Put the kataifi in a food processor and whizz until you have strands that are 1-2cm long. 
3)Melt the 60g butter in a large frying pan over a medium heat then, when foaming, tip in the pastry. 
4)Stir to coat it in the butter, then cook for a few minutes, stirring often, until the pastry has become a little translucent and has changed colour slightly. 
5)Tip about two thirds of the pastry into the cake tin and spread it over the base, pressing it up the sides, creating a hollow in the centre. 
6)Mix all the cheeses together and season well with black pepper. 
7)Press the mix into the hollow, then put the remaining pastry over the top and pat it down to secure it. 
8)Bake for 25-30 minutes until the pastry is deep golden and crisp. 
9)Meanwhile, put the honey, rosemary sprigs and lemon juice into a small saucepan and heat gently until the honey is very runny – but don’t let it boil. 
10)Leave it to cool while the pie finishes cooking.
11)Once the pie is ready, remove from the oven and carefully invert onto a serving plate (hold the plate on top of the pie, smoothly flip the pie and plate together in one move, then remove the cake tin base). Heat the honey again until runny, then drizzle it over the pie to soak in. Top with rosemary sprigs, scatter with aleppo chilli, then slice and serve while still warm. A sharp, heavy knife is best for cutting. 

Main Course Ingredients Zucchini Patties:

Vegetables:
2 cups grated zucchini 
1/4 cup chopped onion 
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese 
1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese 
2 tablespoons vegetable oil

Dairy:
2 eggs, beaten 

Wheat:
1/2 cup all-purpose flour 

Spice:
salt to taste


Method :

1)In a medium bowl, combine the zucchini, eggs, onion, flour, Parmesan cheese, mozzarella cheese, and salt.
2)Stir well enough to distribute ingredients evenly.
3)Heat a small amount of oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. 
4)Drop zucchini mixture by heaping tablespoonfuls, and cook for a few minutes on each side until golden.

Main course Ingredients Ricotta Gnocchi:

Dairy:
1 (8 ounce) container ricotta cheese
2 eggs 
1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
8 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into small chunks

Vegetables:
3 tablespoons olive oil 
1 tablespoon minced garlic 
1 (15.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes 
1 dash crushed red pepper flakes (optional) 
6 basil leaves, 

Spices: 
1 teaspoon salt 
1 teaspoon pepper 
1 teaspoon garlic powder
finely shredded Salt and pepper to taste 

Wheat: 
1 cup all-purpose flour, or as needed


Method:

1)Stir together the ricotta cheese, eggs, Parmesan Cheese, salt, pepper, and garlic powder in a large bowl until evenly combined.
2)Mix in 1 cup of flour. 
3)Add additional flour if needed to form a soft dough.
4)Divide the dough into 3 or 4 pieces, and roll into 1/2-inch-thick ropes on a floured surface.
5)Cut each rope into 1-inch pieces, and place on a lightly floured baking sheet. 
6)Place in the refrigerator until ready to use.
7)Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. 
8)Stir in garlic, and cook until softened and fragrant, about 1 minute. 
9)Pour in diced tomatoes and red pepper flakes; bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, and cook for 10 minutes.
10)Stir in shredded basil and season to taste with salt and pepper.
11)While sauce is simmering, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat.
12)Boil the gnocchi until they float to the surface, 1 to 2 minutes, then drain.
13)To assemble the dish, stir the cubed mozzarella cheese into the sauce and allow the heat of the sauce to soften, but not melt the cheese. 
14)Place gnocchi into a serving bowl, and spoon sauce overtop.

Veggie Pizza

Ingredients:

Wheat:
2 packages refrigerated crescent rolls

Dairy:
2 packages cream cheese, softened
1 cup mayonnaise
1 package dry Ranch-style dressing mix

Vegetables:
1 cup fresh broccoli, chopped
1 cup chopped tomatoes
1 cup chopped green bell pepper
1 cup chopped cauliflower
1 cup shredded carrots

Directions:

1)Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
2)Roll out the crescent roll dough onto a 9x13 inch baking sheet, and pinch together edges to form the pizza crust.
3)Bake crust for 12 minutes in the preheated oven. Once finished cooking, remove crust from oven and let cool 15 minutes without removing it from the baking sheet.
4)sIn a small mixing bowl, combine cream cheese, mayonnaise, and dry Ranch dressing. Spread the mixture over the cooled crust. Arrange broccoli, tomato, green bell pepper, cauliflower, shredded carrots, and Cheddar cheese over the cream cheese layer. Chill for one hour, slice and serve.

Dessert Ingredients Orange & rhubarb amaretti pots :

Dairy:
400g double cream
360g thick full-fat Greek yogurt
4 medium eggs, plus 2 medium yolks
150g unsalted butter

Wheat:
150g amaretti biscuits, broken into small pieces

Vegetables:
500g rhubarb, chopped into 2½ cm lengths
150g golden caster sugar, plus a large pinch

Fruit
150ml orange juice, plus zest 1 orange


Method:

1)First, make the curd.
2)Put the rhubarb, a pinch of sugar and the orange juice in a pan over a medium heat and cover with a lid. 
3)Cook for 10-15 mins until the rhubarb is very tender. 
4)Remove from the heat.
5)Pass the rhubarb through a fine sieve, pushing it to squeeze out as much pulp as possible. 
6)Keep the flesh in the sieve to incorporate later.
7)Whisk the eggs, egg yolks and sugar together until pale and frothy.
8)Melt the butter steadily in a pan on a low heat. 
9)Once melted, slowly pour in the egg mix and orange zest, stirring continuously.
10)Add in the strained rhubarb pulp and mix to combine, continuing to cook gently until the curd has thickened like custard. 
11)This could take 10-12 mins, but be patient and do not turn up the heat, as you might scramble the eggs.
12)Once the curd has thickened, transfer it to a bowl and whisk until smooth. 
13)At this point I like to add back in the rhubarb flesh from the sieve, to give more body to the dessert – but if you want a smooth curd, don’t do this.
14)Whip the cream, stopping just before soft peaks start to form. 
15)Fold in the yogurt, 300g of the curd and most of the amaretti biscuits.
16)Spoon the mix into eight glasses and sprinkle on the reserved amaretti. 
17)Save the remaining curd to use on pancakes, granola or to make little tartlets. 
18)Store it in a sterilised jar.

Dessert Recipe Ingredients Chocolate banana ice cream:

Fruit:
1 frozen banana
1 tsp cocoa powder

Method:

1)In a blender, blitz the frozen banana with the cocoa powder until smooth.
2)Eat straight away.

			
					Pizza & Pasta Recipe Book:

Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, and Chicken Sausage Pizza
Delicious mozzarella: check.
Sausage: check.
Spicy tomato sauce: check.
Resistant Starch: check! 
Finally, even dieters can have an amazing, pizzeria-style pie at home.

Ingredients: whole wheat pizza dough, olive oil, tomatoes, crushed red peppers, oregano, basil leaves, mozzarella and Italian chicken sausage.

Calories: 360

Resistant Starch: 2.2g 

	BBQ Chicken Pizza

Ingredients

Meat;
1 cup cooked, sliced chicken breast (about one 8-ounce breast)


Vegetables;
1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced
fresh cilantro, for topping

Spices;

Bread;
1/2 recipe homemade pizza crust


Dairy;
2/3 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
2/3 cup shredded smoked gouda cheese

Sauces;
1/3 cup + 2 Tablespoons your favorite BBQ sauce 

Method

1) Prepare the pizza dough, and preheat the oven to 475F.
2) Toss the BBQ sauce with the cooked, chopped chicken.
3) Top the crust with the BBQ sauce, add the shredded mozzarella, then the chicken,
shredded gouda, then the onion slices. 
4) Bake ffor 15 minutes. 
5) Top hot pizza with cilantro, slice, and serve. 


	Spaghetti Bolognese 

Ingredients 

Meat;
400g lean beef mince
150g chicken livers, chopped, fat and sinew removed

Vegetables;
2 tbsp oil
1 large onion, finely chopped
2 celery sticks, finely chopped
2 carrots, finely chopped
1 large bay leaves
300ml passata

Spices;
50g pancetta cubes

Wheat;
500g pack spaghetti

Bread;

Dairy;
50ml full-fat milk
Parmesan, grated, to serve

Other;
4 tbsp tomato purée
150ml white wine
500ml fresh chicken stock


Method

1) Heat the oil in a large pan.
2) Add the onion, celery and carrots witha pinch of salt.
3) Cook for 10 minutes.
4) Transfer to a plate using a wooden spoon. 
5) Increase the heat and add in the pancetta, and cook for 4 minutes. 
6) Add the mince and chicken livers, and cook for a further 5 minutes. 
7) Return the vegetables to the pan and add the bay leave and tomato purée.
8) Pour in the wine, add the stock and passata and bring to boil. 
9) Reduce the heat to medium and let the sauce bubble away for 40 minutes. 
10) Bring a large saucepan of salted water to boil before the sauce is ready. 
11) Drop in the pasta, and cook the pasta, then drain. 
12) To finish the sauce, stir the milk and season to taste. 
13) Tip the pasta onto a plate and top with the Bolognese, and serve with Parmesan. 



